**The terms and conditions of 'Missing e' license agreement applies to your use
of the Extension.**

MISSING E END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

These license terms are an agreement between Jeremy Cutler (the "Developer") and
you (the "User"). Please read them. They apply to all releases of this software,
as well as updates, supplements, Internet-based services and support services
for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.

BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT
USE THE SOFTWARE.

'Missing e' (the "Extension") is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

The Extension and Jeremy Cutler (the "Developer") have no special relationship
with or fiduciary duty to you (the "User"). User acknowledges that the
Developer has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: how any
User uses the Extension on Tumblr or with any of the services thereof; what
effects the Extension may have on the User or any content viewed or uploaded to
Tumblr; or what actions Tumblr may take as a result of the User installing the
Extension. Any of the content viewed or uploaded to Tumblr while using the
Extension is the responsibility of the User who posted the content or Tumblr.
The Extension does not monitor the content of Tumblr or any content viewed or
uploaded by the User with or without the use of the Extension and takes no
responsibility for such content. Subscriber releases the Developer from all
liability for User having acquired or not acquired Content through Tumblr while
using the Extension. The Developer makes no representations concerning any
content contained in or accessed through Tumblr with or without the use of the
Extension, and the Developer will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy,
copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed
through, or uploaded using the Extension.

User will indemnify and hold the Extension and Developer harmless, including
costs and attorneys' fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due
to or arising out of User’s access to the Tumblr and use of the Services with or
without the use of the Extension, the violation of this Agreement by the User,
or the infringement by the User, or any third party using the User's account, of
any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
